Update links to the manual and fix typos (#421)
opprop/checker-framework-inference: README.md

Specifies whether to separate constraints into multiple components through constraint graph and solve them respectively. The default value is true.

* `solveInParallel`

> If constraints are separated by constraint graph, these arguments indicates whether to solve the components in parallel (multithreading). The default value is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If constraints are separated by constraint graph, this argument indicates whether to solve the components in parallel (multithreading). The default value is true.
```
